.TH BLACKPOINT-MONITOR 1 "January 2024" "BlackPoint Security" "BlackPoint CLI Manual"
.SH NAME
blackpoint monitor \- Monitor system status, health, performance metrics, and alerts for the BlackPoint Security Integration Framework
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B blackpoint monitor status
[\fB\-\-component\fR=\fIname\fR]
[\fB\-\-format\fR=\fIformat\fR]
[\fB\-\-refresh\fR=\fIseconds\fR]
.PP
.B blackpoint monitor metrics
[\fB\-\-timerange\fR=\fIduration\fR]
[\fB\-\-component\fR=\fIname\fR]
[\fB\-\-format\fR=\fIformat\fR]
.PP
.B blackpoint monitor alerts
[\fB\-\-severity\fR=\fIlevel\fR]
[\fB\-\-component\fR=\fIname\fR]
[\fB\-\-format\fR=\fIformat\fR]
.PP
.B blackpoint monitor health
[\fB\-\-check\fR=\fIcomponent\fR]
[\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fIseconds\fR]
[\fB\-\-format\fR=\fIformat\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBmonitor\fR command provides comprehensive real-time monitoring capabilities for the BlackPoint Security Integration Framework. It enables tracking of system health, performance metrics, and active alerts across all system components including collectors, processors, and analyzers.
.PP
The command supports various output formats and filtering options for efficient system monitoring and troubleshooting. All metrics and status information is collected in real-time with minimal system overhead.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B status
Display current system status including component health (CPU, memory, disk usage) and operational state. Shows real-time health indicators for all monitored components.
.TP
.B metrics
Show detailed performance metrics including events/second, processing latency across tiers (bronze/silver/gold), and resource utilization statistics.
.TP
.B alerts
List and manage active system alerts with severity levels, timestamps, and detailed messages. Supports filtering by severity and component.
.TP
.B health
Perform comprehensive health checks on system components with detailed diagnostics and recommendations for identified issues.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI "\-\-component=" name
Filter display to specific component (collector, processor, analyzer). When not specified, shows information for all components.
.TP
.BI "\-\-format=" format
Output format (table, json, yaml). Default: table
.TP
.BI "\-\-timerange=" duration
Time range for metrics (30s, 5m, 1h, 24h). Default: 5m
.TP
.BI "\-\-severity=" level
Filter alerts by severity (critical, warning, info). Default: all
.TP
.BI "\-\-check=" component
Specify component for health check. Default: all
.TP
.BI "\-\-refresh=" seconds
Auto-refresh interval in seconds. Default: 0 (disabled)
.TP
.BI "\-\-timeout=" seconds
Health check timeout in seconds. Default: 30
.SH OUTPUT
.SS System Status Output
.PP
Displays the following fields for each component:
.IP \[bu] 2
Component name
.IP \[bu]
Health status (healthy, degraded, unhealthy)
.IP \[bu]
Load percentage (0-100%)
.IP \[bu]
Memory usage (0-100%)
.IP \[bu]
Disk usage (0-100%)
.IP \[bu]
Last update time
.SS Performance Metrics Output
.PP
Shows the following metrics:
.IP \[bu] 2
Events processed per second
.IP \[bu]
Processing latency per tier (bronze/silver/gold)
.IP \[bu]
Resource utilization (CPU, memory, disk)
.IP \[bu]
Queue depths and processing backlogs
.SS Alert Output
.PP
Includes the following information:
.IP \[bu] 2
Alert ID
.IP \[bu]
Severity level
.IP \[bu]
Affected component
.IP \[bu]
Alert message
.IP \[bu]
Timestamp
.IP \[bu]
Acknowledgment status
.SS Health Check Output
.PP
Provides detailed health information:
.IP \[bu] 2
Component name
.IP \[bu]
Check status
.IP \[bu]
Response latency
.IP \[bu]
Error details (if any)
.IP \[bu]
Remediation recommendations
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Display current system status:
.B blackpoint monitor status
.TP
Monitor collector status with auto-refresh:
.B blackpoint monitor status --component=collector --format=json --refresh=5
.TP
View processor metrics for the last hour:
.B blackpoint monitor metrics --timerange=1h --component=processor
.TP
List critical alerts in YAML format:
.B blackpoint monitor alerts --severity=critical --format=yaml
.TP
Run health check on analyzer with extended timeout:
.B blackpoint monitor health --check=analyzer --timeout=60
.TP
Filter status output for errors:
.B blackpoint monitor status | grep -i error
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Success
.TP
.B 1
General error
.TP
.B 2
Configuration error
.TP
.B 3
API communication error
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B BLACKPOINT_CONFIG
Override default configuration file location
.TP
.B BLACKPOINT_FORMAT
Default output format
.TP
.B BLACKPOINT_TIMEOUT
Default command timeout
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.blackpoint/config.yaml
Default configuration file location
.TP
.I /var/log/blackpoint/monitor.log
Monitor command log file
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR blackpoint-config (1),
.BR blackpoint-integration (1),
.BR blackpoint-auth (1),
.BR blackpoint-alerts (1)
.SH BUGS
Report bugs to: support@blackpoint.com
.SH AUTHOR
BlackPoint Security <support@blackpoint.com>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2024 BlackPoint Security. All rights reserved.