.TH BLACKPOINT-AUTH 1 "January 2024" "BlackPoint Security" "BlackPoint CLI Manual"
.SH NAME
blackpoint-auth \- secure authentication management commands for BlackPoint Security CLI
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B blackpoint auth login
[\fB\-\-api\-key\fR \fIkey\fR]
[\fB\-\-mfa\-token\fR \fItoken\fR]
[\fB\-\-secure\-mode\fR]
.PP
.B blackpoint auth logout
[\fB\-\-all\-sessions\fR]
[\fB\-\-secure\-wipe\fR]
.PP
.B blackpoint auth status
[\fB\-\-verbose\fR]
[\fB\-\-json\fR]
.PP
.B blackpoint auth refresh
[\fB\-\-force\fR]
[\fB\-\-validate\fR]
.PP
.B blackpoint auth configure
[\fB\-\-config\-file\fR \fIpath\fR]
[\fB\-\-secure\-storage\fR \fItype\fR]
[\fB\-\-rotation\-policy\fR \fIdays\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBblackpoint auth\fR command provides secure authentication management for the BlackPoint Security CLI. It implements OAuth 2.0 + JWT token-based authentication with a 1-hour token lifetime and API key authentication with 90-day rotation policy.
.PP
All authentication operations enforce strict security controls including encrypted credential storage, secure token management, and comprehensive audit logging.
.SH COMMANDS
.SS login
Authenticate securely with the BlackPoint Security platform using either OAuth 2.0 + JWT or API key authentication.
.PP
Options:
.TP
\fB\-\-api\-key\fR \fIkey\fR
Authenticate using a 90-day rotating API key. Key must be at least 32 characters.
.TP
\fB\-\-mfa\-token\fR \fItoken\fR
Provide multi-factor authentication token for enhanced security.
.TP
\fB\-\-secure\-mode\fR
Enable additional security controls including hardware-backed key storage.
.SS logout
Securely clear stored authentication credentials, tokens, and session data.
.PP
Options:
.TP
\fB\-\-all\-sessions\fR
Invalidate all active sessions across devices.
.TP
\fB\-\-secure\-wipe\fR
Ensure secure deletion of credentials using multiple overwrites.
.SS status
Display current authentication status, token validity, and security information.
.PP
Options:
.TP
\fB\-\-verbose\fR
Show detailed security information including token expiry and permissions.
.TP
\fB\-\-json\fR
Output status information in JSON format.
.SS refresh
Securely refresh the current access token using the refresh token (24-hour lifetime).
.PP
Options:
.TP
\fB\-\-force\fR
Force token refresh even if current token is still valid.
.TP
\fB\-\-validate\fR
Validate token integrity before refresh operation.
.SS configure
Configure authentication settings with secure credential storage.
.PP
Options:
.TP
\fB\-\-config\-file\fR \fIpath\fR
Specify custom configuration file location (must be secure path).
.TP
\fB\-\-secure\-storage\fR \fItype\fR
Configure encrypted storage backend (keyring, file, hardware).
.TP
\fB\-\-rotation\-policy\fR \fIdays\fR
Set credential rotation policy (30-90 days).
.SH FILES
.TP
\fB~/.blackpoint/auth.json\fR
Encrypted authentication configuration file (0600 permissions).
.TP
\fB~/.blackpoint/credentials\fR
Secure credential storage with hardware encryption support.
.TP
\fB~/.blackpoint/tokens\fR
Encrypted token storage with secure deletion.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
\fBBLACKPOINT_CONFIG_HOME\fR
Override default configuration directory (must be secure location).
.TP
\fBBLACKPOINT_API_KEY\fR
API key for non-interactive authentication (use with caution).
.TP
\fBBLACKPOINT_SECURE_MODE\fR
Enable additional security controls.
.TP
\fBBLACKPOINT_TOKEN_LIFETIME\fR
Override default token lifetime (max 1 hour).
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
\fB0\fR
Success.
.TP
\fB1\fR
Authentication failure.
.TP
\fB2\fR
Configuration error.
.TP
\fB3\fR
Security validation failure.
.TP
\fB4\fR
Token expired or invalid.
.TP
\fB5\fR
Secure storage error.
.SH SECURITY CONSIDERATIONS
.PP
\fBToken Security:\fR
Access tokens have a 1-hour lifetime and refresh tokens have a 24-hour lifetime. All tokens use JWT format with HMAC-SHA256 signatures.
.PP
\fBAPI Key Security:\fR
API keys must be at least 32 characters and are automatically rotated every 90 days. Keys are stored using hardware-backed encryption when available.
.PP
\fBCredential Storage:\fR
All credentials and tokens are stored encrypted at rest using AES-256-GCM. Files use 0600 permissions and secure deletion.
.PP
\fBAudit Logging:\fR
All authentication operations are logged with timestamps and operation details (excluding sensitive data).
.SH SEE ALSO
blackpoint(1), blackpoint-config(1), blackpoint-integration(1), blackpoint-security(1)
.SH BUGS
Report bugs at: https://github.com/blackpoint/cli/issues
.SH AUTHOR
BlackPoint Security (support@blackpoint.com)