.TH BLACKPOINT-INTEGRATION 1 "January 2024" "BlackPoint Security" "BlackPoint CLI Manual"
.SH NAME
blackpoint-integration \- securely manage security platform integrations in BlackPoint Security Framework
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B blackpoint integration
[\fIcommand\fR] [\fIoptions\fR]
.PP
.B blackpoint integration new
[\fB\-\-platform\fR=\fIplatform\fR]
[\fB\-\-config\fR=\fIconfig_file\fR]
[\fB\-\-environment\fR=\fIenv\fR]
[\fB\-\-security-level\fR=\fIlevel\fR]
.PP
.B blackpoint integration list
[\fB\-\-output\fR=\fIformat\fR]
[\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIcriteria\fR]
.PP
.B blackpoint integration delete
\fIintegration-id\fR
[\fB\-\-force\fR]
[\fB\-\-audit\fR]
.PP
.B blackpoint integration status
\fIintegration-id\fR
[\fB\-\-verbose\fR]
[\fB\-\-security-check\fR]
.PP
.B blackpoint integration validate
\fIconfig_file\fR
[\fB\-\-strict\fR]
.PP
.B blackpoint integration rotate-keys
\fIintegration-id\fR
[\fB\-\-immediate\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The integration command provides comprehensive management of security platform integrations within the BlackPoint Security Integration Framework. It implements strict security controls and validation for all operations.
.PP
.B Security Features:
.RS
.IP \[bu] 2
Multi-factor authentication support
.IP \[bu]
Automatic key rotation (every 90 days)
.IP \[bu]
Comprehensive audit logging
.IP \[bu]
Role-based access control
.IP \[bu]
Secure credential storage using AWS KMS
.RE
.PP
.B Integration Capabilities:
.RS
.IP \[bu] 2
Real-time and batch collection modes
.IP \[bu]
Multiple authentication methods (OAuth2, API keys, certificates)
.IP \[bu]
Configurable event types and filtering
.IP \[bu]
Environment-specific settings
.IP \[bu]
Performance monitoring and health checks
.RE
.SH OPTIONS
.SS General Options
.TP
.BR \-\-platform =\fIplatform\fR
Security platform type (aws, azure, okta, etc.). Required for new integrations.
.TP
.BR \-\-config =\fIconfig_file\fR
Path to YAML configuration file. File permissions are validated (0600).
.TP
.BR \-\-environment =\fIenv\fR
Deployment environment (production, staging, development). Defaults to development.
.TP
.BR \-\-security-level =\fIlevel\fR
Security requirements level (standard, high, maximum). Defaults to standard.
.TP
.BR \-\-audit
Enable detailed audit logging (recommended for production).
.SS Security Options
.TP
.BR \-\-rotate-keys
Rotate integration authentication credentials.
.TP
.BR \-\-immediate
Apply key rotation immediately instead of scheduled.
.TP
.BR \-\-security-check
Perform comprehensive security validation.
.SH SECURITY CONSIDERATIONS
.SS Authentication
.IP \[bu] 2
OAuth 2.0 with PKCE for web-based authentication
.IP \[bu]
API keys with automatic 90-day rotation
.IP \[bu]
Certificate-based authentication with TLS 1.3
.IP \[bu]
HMAC request signing for webhooks
.SS Data Protection
.IP \[bu] 2
All sensitive data encrypted at rest using AWS KMS
.IP \[bu]
TLS 1.3 required for all connections
.IP \[bu]
Secure credential storage with strict permissions
.IP \[bu]
Field-level encryption for sensitive data
.SH EXAMPLES
Create new integration with high security:
.PP
.nf
.RS
$ blackpoint integration new \\
    --platform=aws \\
    --config=aws-config.yaml \\
    --security-level=high \\
    --audit
.RE
.fi
.PP
List integrations with security status:
.PP
.nf
.RS
$ blackpoint integration list \\
    --output=json \\
    --filter=security-status
.RE
.fi
.PP
Rotate integration credentials:
.PP
.nf
.RS
$ blackpoint integration rotate-keys \\
    12345678-90ab-cdef-1234-567890abcdef \\
    --immediate
.RE
.fi
.PP
Validate configuration security:
.PP
.nf
.RS
$ blackpoint integration validate config.yaml --strict
.RE
.fi
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B BLACKPOINT_CONFIG
Configuration directory path (default: ~/.blackpoint/config.yaml)
.TP
.B BLACKPOINT_ENV
Deployment environment setting
.TP
.B BLACKPOINT_LOG_LEVEL
Logging verbosity (default: info)
.TP
.B BLACKPOINT_SECURITY_LEVEL
Default security level for operations
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.blackpoint/config.yaml
Default configuration file location
.TP
.I ~/.blackpoint/credentials
Encrypted credentials store
.TP
.I ~/.blackpoint/logs/audit.log
Security audit log file
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
Exit status:
.TP
.B 0
Success
.TP
.B 1
General error
.TP
.B 2
Configuration error
.TP
.B 3
API communication error
.SH BUGS
Report bugs to: support@blackpoint.com
.SH AUTHOR
BlackPoint Security <support@blackpoint.com>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2024 BlackPoint Security. All rights reserved.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR blackpoint (1),
.BR blackpoint-auth (1),
.BR blackpoint-config (1),
.BR blackpoint-monitor (1),
.BR blackpoint-security (1)